<Withcenter> (hereinafter referred to as "WonderfulKorea") establishes and discloses personal information processing policies as follows to protect personal information of information subjects and to handle related grievances quickly and smoothly pursuant to Article 30 of the Personal Information Protection Act.

○ This personal information processing policy will be applied from December 1, 2022.


Article 1 (Purpose of Processing Personal Information)

<Withcenter> ("WonderfulKorea") processes personal information for the following purposes: The personal information being processed will not be used for any of the following purposes, and if the purpose of use is changed, necessary measures will be implemented, such as obtaining separate consent under Article 18 of the Personal Information Protection Act.

1. Registering and managing membership on the website

Personal information is processed for the purpose of confirming your intention to join the membership.


2. Providing goods or services

We process personal information for the purpose of providing services.


Article 2 (Processing and Retaining Period of Personal Information)

① <Withcenter> processes and holds personal information within the period of holding and using personal information under the Act or the period of holding and using personal information agreed upon when collecting personal information from the data subject.

② Each personal information processing and holding period is as follows.

1.<Provide goods or services>
Collection of personal information related to the provision of goods or services.Held for the above purpose of use from the date of consent for use to <3 years>.It's being used.
Grounds for possession: Records on the handling of consumer complaints or disputes
Related Acts and subordinate statutes: Records on the handling of consumer complaints or disputes: 3 years


Article 3 (items of personal information to be processed)

① <Withcenter> is processing the following personal information items:

1<Registration and management of homepage>
Required items: Email, mobile phone number, name
Selection: Gender, Date of Birth


Article 4 (Procedure and Method of Destruction of Personal Information)


① <Withcenter> destroys the personal information without delay when personal information becomes unnecessary, such as the lapse of the personal information retention period and the achievement of the purpose of processing.

② If the personal information retention period agreed by the data subject has elapsed or the purpose of processing has been achieved, the personal information shall be transferred to a separate database (DB) or stored in a different storage place.


③ The procedures and methods of destroying personal information are as follows.
1. Destruction procedure
<Withcenter> selects personal information that causes destruction, and destroys personal information with the approval of <Withcenter>'s personal information protection manager.

2. Destruction method

Information in the form of electronic files uses a technical method that cannot be played back



Article 5 (Matters concerning the rights and obligations of the information subject and legal representative, and the method of exercising them)



① The information subject may exercise the right to view, correct, delete, and request suspension of processing personal information at any time.

② The exercise of rights under paragraph (1) can be made in writing, e-mail, facsimile (FAX), etc. in accordance with Article 41 (1) of the Enforcement Decree of the Personal Information Protection Act, and We will take action against it without delay.

③ The exercise of rights under paragraph (1) may be conducted through an agent, such as a legal representative of the information subject or a person entrusted.In such cases, "Public Notice on the Method of Processing Personal Information (No. 2020-7)" You must submit a power of attorney in attached Form 11.

④ Requests for access to personal information and suspension of processing may be restricted under Articles 35 (4) and 37 (2) of the Personal Information Protection Act.

⑤ A request for correction and deletion of personal information cannot be requested if the personal information is specified as the subject of collection in other laws and regulations.

⑥ Weissenner verifies whether the person who made the request for perusal, correction and deletion according to the right of the information subject, and inspection when requesting suspension of processing, is the person himself or a legitimate agent.



Article 6 (Matters concerning measures to secure the safety of personal information)

<Withcenter> is taking the following measures to ensure the safety of personal information.

1. Establishing and implementing an internal management plan
For the safe processing of personal information, an internal management plan is established and implemented.

2. Technical countermeasures against hacking, etc
To prevent personal information leakage and damage caused by hacking or computer viruses, <Withcenter> ('Sonaub') installs security programs, updates and inspects regularly, and installs systems in areas where access is controlled from outside, and monitors and blocks them technically/physically.

3. Access control for unauthorized persons
We have established and operated access control procedures for separately storing personal information.



Article 7 (Matters concerning the installation and operation of devices that automatically collect personal information and their refusal)

Weissener does not use 'cookie', which stores information on the use of information subjects and calls them from time to time.


Article 8 (Matters concerning the collection, use, provision, rejection, etc. of behavioral information)

Matters concerning the collection, use, provision, rejection, etc. of behavioral information;

<Personal Information Controller Name> does not collect, use, or provide behavioral information for online customized advertisements.

Article 9 (Matters concerning the person in charge of personal information protection)

① Weissener is in charge of personal information processing, and designates a person in charge of personal information protection as follows to handle complaints and remedy damages by information subjects related to personal information processing.

▶ Person in charge of personal information protection
Name: Song Jae-ho
Position: Representative
Position: Representative
Contact :010-8693-4225, thruthesky@gmail.com
※ You will be connected to the department responsible for privacy.

▶ Personal Information Protection Department
Department name: Management office
Person in charge: Song Jae-ho
연락처 :010-8693-4225, thruthesky@gmail.com
② The information subject can contact the person in charge of personal information protection and the department in charge of personal information protection for all personal information protection inquiries, complaints, and damage relief that occurred while using Weissener's service (or business). Weissenor will respond and process your inquiry without delay.

Article 10 (Department that receives and processes requests for access to personal information)
The information subject may request the following departments for access to personal information under Article 35 of the ｢ Personal Information Protection Act.
<Withcenter> will try to expedite the request for access to personal information by the information subject.


Article 11 (Method of remedy for infringement of rights and interests of information subjects)

In order to receive relief from personal information infringement, information entities can apply for dispute resolution or counseling to the Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee and the Korea Internet & Security Agency's Personal Information Infringement Reporting Center. In addition, please contact the institution below for other reports and consultations on personal information infringement.

1. Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee: (without national number) 1833-6972 (www.kopico.go.kr)
2. Personal Information Infringement Reporting Center: 118 (privacy.kisa.or.kr)
3. Supreme Prosecutors' Office: 1301 (www.spo.go.kr)
4. National Police Agency: 182 (ecrm.cyber.go.kr)

A person who has been infringed on his/her rights or interests due to disposition or omission by the head of a public institution in response to a request under Articles 35 (Personal Information Access), 36 (Correction or Deletion of Personal Information, etc.) of the Personal Information Protection Act may request an administrative trial as prescribed by the Administrative Appeals Act.

※ For more information on administrative trials, please refer to the website of the Central Administrative Appeals Commission (www.simpan.go.kr).

Article 12 (Matters concerning the processing of pseudonymous information in case of processing pseudonymous information)

< Withcenter > processes pseudonymous information for the following purposes.

▶ Purpose of processing pseudonymous information

- Can be written directly.

▶ Processing and retention period of pseudonymous information

- Can be written directly.

▶ Matters concerning the provision of pseudonymous information to third parties (to be completed only if applicable)

- Can be written directly.

▶ Matters concerning consignment of pseudonymous information processing (to be completed only if applicable)

- Can be written directly.

▶ Items of personal information subject to pseudonymization

- Can be written directly.

▶ Matters concerning measures to ensure the safety of pseudonymous information in accordance with Article 28-4 of the Act (duty of safety measures for pseudonymous information, etc.)

- Can be written directly.

Article 13 (Matters on Person in Charge of Personal Information Protection)

① Withcenter is responsible for overall handling of personal information, and has designated the person in charge of personal information protection as follows to handle complaints and damage relief of information subjects related to personal information processing.

▶ Person in charge of personal information protection
Name: Song Jae-ho
Position: Representative
Position : Representative
Contact:010-8693-4225, thruthesky@gmail.com,
※ You will be connected to the department in charge of personal information protection.


▶ Department in charge of personal information protection
Department name : Planning
Person in charge: Song Jae-ho
Contact:010-8693-4225, thruthesky@gmail.com,
② The information subject may inquire about personal information protection related inquiries, complaint handling, damage relief, etc. that occurred while using Withcenter's service (or business) to the person in charge of personal information protection and the department in charge. Withcenter will respond to and process inquiries from information subjects without delay.

Article 14 (Department that receives and handles requests for access to personal information)
The information subject may request the viewing of personal information in accordance with Article 35 of the Personal Information Protection Act to the following departments.
< Withcenter > will make efforts to promptly process the personal information access request of the information subject.

▶ Personal information viewing request reception and processing department
Department Name: Administration
Person in charge: Song Jae-ho
Contact: 010-8693-4225, thruthesky@gmail.com


Article 15 (Method of Remedy for Infringement of Rights and Interests of Information Subjects)



The information subject can apply for dispute resolution or consultation to the Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee and the Personal Information Infringement Reporting Center of the Korea Internet & Security Agency in order to receive relief from personal information infringement. In addition, please contact the following organizations for reporting or consulting of other personal information infringement.

1. Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee: (without area code) 1833-6972 (www.kopico.go.kr)
2. Personal information infringement reporting center: (without area code) 118 (privacy.kisa.or.kr)
3. Supreme Prosecutors' Office: (without area code) 1301 (www.spo.go.kr)
4. National Police Agency: (without area code) 182 (ecrm.cyber.go.kr)

In response to requests under the provisions of Article 35 (Access to Personal Information), Article 36 (Correction/Deletion of Personal Information), and Article 37 (Suspension of Processing of Personal Information, etc.) of the 「Personal Information Protection Act」, the head of a public institution A person whose rights or interests have been infringed upon due to a disposition or omission may request an administrative appeal in accordance with the Administrative Appeals Act.

※ Please refer to the website of the Central Administrative Appeals Commission (www.simpan.go.kr) for details on administrative adjudication.

Article 16 (Matters Regarding the Operation and Management of Video Information Processing Devices)
① <Withcenter> installs and operates the following image information processing devices.

1. Basis/Purpose of Installation of Video Information Processing Equipment: Describes the installation and purpose of the video information processing equipment of <Withcenter>.

2. Number of installations, installation location, shooting range:
Number of installations: 1 unit
Installation location: front door
Shooting range: Inside the office
3. Person in charge of management, department in charge, and person with access to image information: Song Jae-ho

4. Video information recording time, storage period, storage location, processing method
Shooting time: 168 hours
Storage period: 1 week from the time of shooting
Storage location and processing method: Crowd
5. How and where to check video information: Mobile phone app

6. Measures against the information subject's request, such as viewing video information: Requests for personal image information viewing/existence confirmation must be made, and when the information subject himself/herself is filmed or is clearly necessary for the interests of the information subject's life, body, and property Allowed to view for one year

7. Technical, administrative, and physical measures to protect image information:



Article 17 (Change of Privacy Policy)


① This privacy policy will be applied from November 26, 2022.